


just setting up my twttr
tm help
Wondering if I should quit work and become a monk who secretly writes serial murder thriller novels.
Going to bed.
gary coleman sighting by Zoom. The rumors were true
Festmob. In The Signal premiere. Lotsa buyers. Good luck gang
listening to the pocast net@nite while setting up twitter
watching windows 386 promo video, lol
getting ready for work
going to work
in vista training, this is boring
just came back from supper, now to go back to boring vista training
just finished my last break now for an office 2007 module
i have to get up in 6 hours to drive my sister so i am going to catch some z's
just finished an office 2007 test and got 100%
i am in vista training, yeah another day of it, and this is so dry and boring so half of us are on other sites
lol i work at dell and i do not know how much more microsoft i can take
i jsut finished vista training yeah!!!
Just set up phone connection to twitter.  Am so going to bed now have a long day tomorrow
Mmmmm quad venti caramel macciato with extra caramel  and a shot of vanilla
In shaw looking for family
Holy holy holy is the lord God almighty
Wow she finally finished.....now for elective 1....audio 101
Waiting in longggggggggggg line for food, the only question is what to eat?
Lunch time, yeah!  With cara
Lunch time, yeah!  With friends
Elective 2;  audio 102
Session 3 micing
Supper time!!!! Yeah!!! japanese
I am backstage for a large concert.   Get to watch video production!!!!!!!
Lol technical difficulties and the crowd is singing for joy
Main session is over.  Time to find people
I am sitting waitng for the session......I HATE NEGATIVE SPACE....People  sqeuazing me in
at work, wow i haven't updated in a while...oops!
Discovering twitter in a purple sofa...
Why isn't Wii released in Singapore yet?!
surfing the net
playing around on twitter
At work
Watching the valentine's day pillowfight sans pillow, camera crack'd, feathers in hair, copters o'erhead. Here and not here.
Talking about 24 in the cars, we pass Bauer's  limo service.
Aww, I'm sorry about your camera EC! If it makes you feel better mine cracked on valentine's.
There is no great genius without a drop of madness, amigo.
Why are you  in a motorized wheelchair?!
So I guess it is back to work.
It is raining heavily and I forgot to being an umbrella. How am I suppose to go home now?
Just 1 shotted Black Morass. Getting better!
Woo, felt the tremor. I feeling giddy!
heading to bosslady session -- hopefully won't be packed?
registering at twitter
thinking about going home to fry up yesterday's mashed potatoes
just joined twitter. changing settings and finding friends. :)
having ice cream from hungry jacks...
Train's backseat,windowside a babushka:chubby,middleaged,lilac headscarf, long blackdress.Beside her:framed 3/4 lifesize b&w MarilynMonroe p
signing up with twitter
Composing and posting an advert to gumtree.com to let a very big room in my house in London E5 9EG (10mins to City for ¬£350 pcm bill inc).
Posted ad for room url
Posted a website about my room in London for let url
Listening to music with the kids url
looking at social network site url and considering if I should watch a couple of episodes of Heroes or rock  baby
Going to watch 2/3 episodes of Heroes on url after doing a spot of food shopping (Baby is sleeping).
nothing!
At work BRCS developing Crystal Reports using Property data from a Progress Database and thinking about making kerjodando p2p open source.
I'm wangling my hoop-spanner, of course.
Eating a croissant and going through my emails pondering how to move my opensource project kerjodando p2p to sourceforge url
listening to the Gossip and Arctic Monkeys on Hype Machine url and url
Also doing a Ruby on Rails spreadsheet for Building Surveyors at the British Red cross Society probably take all day. url
Going to a meeting on Israel at the British Red Cross
Adding a filter to my Ruby on Rails spreadsheet.
Going home on the overground
Babbling, seemingly homeless San Francisco bag lady  all the more disconcerting for carrying Sur La Table bags.Sigh. Damn Reagan.
I'm totally crushing out on this Frenchman's voice, bit it's so smooth I can't concentrate on what he's saying at this conference.Like breas
Reading about childbirth.Its a messy business alright.I think I shall take along some of those glasses with the eyes painted on...
Sitting on the couch, reading email
Seriously jonesin' for  Nairns mini-oatcakes---verily the heroin of  Scotland!
coffeebreak :-)
Astonished by the rain gusting over the city . .where did Saturday's lemonade sunshine go?
Of course my perspective on the weekend weather was warped by hiking  in Conta Costa. . .
Adding a filter to my Ajax Scaffold page on Ruby on Rails spreadsheet that I'm writing for the BRCS (url ).
6pm: Living Black investigates allegations of racism in Tamworth, NSW. (28 March)
GOING BUSH, 8pm: Cathy Freeman and Luke Carrol embark on a 3000km odyssey. Tonight, a big outback party in Hermannsburg.
THE MIGHTY BOOSH, 10:05pm: Howard hooks a grotesque "man-fish" covered in seaweed, who introduces himself as Old Gregg.
Back in Singapore, very busy. Very busy also complain, nothing to do also complain.
GigaOm-twitters are kicking this thing up a notch. . I'm  still sticking to poetic appreciation of vernal dusk. God l love this sky.
At work conducting meetings
Testing my SMS link to Twittr
Off to Vitale for another B2-bash---looking forward to soaking in some sun.
Running late.
SBS is nominated for 7 Logies, including 3 for Remote Area Nurse and 2 for Dateline's Abu Ghraib coverage.
LAST RIGHTS: Insight, 7:30pm. Should we have the right to choose when we die? Subscribe to the podcast: url
Now I am really goingto bed.
trying to delve into twitter's IM features
testing my twitter capabilities via gtalk for the first time
pleased that the test worked
thinking about lunch, even though it's only 10.30am
I am up, showered, and ready for Tuesday.
Enjoying a Con Law lecture.
Listening to Armstrong explain where to file Supreme Court cases.
emailing out to plw about this all...
and i meant to say, got pressured into it and never used it again... for all the reasons previously mentioned.
wishes twitterim was working, and that i didn't have 6.170 hanging over my head all the time
Atleast you're not checking your mail while driving!
Standing aaround waiting for the killers' openers---already getting second hand smoked.
I am a horrible twitter, I should start again.  just a web interface does not work for me and neither does that other mac app
MYTHBUSTERS, 7:30pm: Can a cracked valve on a compressed-air cylinder actually blast the tank right through a cinder-block wall?
Driven to distraction by another lemonade sunshine day;jealous of los anjalis' plan to feast and shake booty in the sun. Hollaback at you!
"I could have whipped her ass but I gave all those dogs a pass."---girl on my bart platform
Mac OS X updating
Concerned that I may be catching a cold
Back from Trader Joe's with some chile spiced mangos.
Publication troubles...
Back from a workout
Tofu scramble!
Strange weather
Making lots of ads.
Why is it that when I am early for work everyone else is late?
Eati ng a humbolt county
Going to to Battle Ground with the Family - we are going to get some furniture - TY Craig's List
Getting ready to leave
Sitting at home with the kids
at home working on worship for tonight
Sedar festivities
Muffin, coffee, reader morning
at church...
Joined twitter to see what is the twitter buzz is about.
Testing my GoogleTalk connection to Twitter.
shut it
chaging my background picture
testing a new pluging for twitter
K
singing songs. beating bongos.
INSIGHT: BRATZ, BRAS AND TWEENS, 7:30 tonight. Is there a real danger that kids are being exposed to sex too soon?
Download or subscribe to the Insight podcast: url
Signing up for twitter :-)
Between faceboook and twitter I'll never have to actually talk to my friends again!Also I'm  wearing a parrot green shirt AND jacket--crazy!
gone to Web 2.0 exhibit hall
BONES OF CONTENTION: Should ultra-skinny models be banned from the catwalk? Tonight on Dateline, 8:30pm.
Subscribe to the Dateline podcast: url
Think might be falling sick.
Testing Maxthon twitter plugin...
It works... cool.
THE SADDEST MUSIC IN THE WORLD: A Canadian beer baroness holds a competition to find the world's saddest music. Tonight, 10:35pm
Ad master 4040...prepare for liftoff
What's wrong with everyone today? Seems like everyone is having PMS.
Craving a second mocha and longing for a massage. FiDi chair massage clinic is my new get-rich-quick fantasy.
large metal bas relief based on NG "Afghan girl wuth the eyes" photo makes me ponder IP: mashup or derivative?
Drinking a strawberrys and cream frappaccino in the sunshine
Got my earth day groove on inside an AC Transit bus, resurrecting the sesame-street  charm of public transit. Lovely day in Elmwood. Happy!
I didn't know Venus takes 243 of our days to rotate. That's crazy! Too bad it's so inhospitable.
is wondering how the hell she's going to write a 10-page paper on text messaging...
Twitting this from KL!
testing 30boxes powertwitter firefox extension
It worked, I'm twitting!
I feel tired. I wonder how those people who flies frequently can find the energy to work.
XY Doc: "Secrets - A Film About Teen Sexuality" Tonight, 10pm. Enter the realm of the new norms of teenage sex.
About to see Ravi  Shankar play!
Holycow! Ithink Shiv Kumar Sharma just walked past me!
So far "just" Anoushka, who's amazing and gorgeous in a sleek new hair style. Her smile reminds me of ANNA.
Oh my god, that was so amazing. I am tingling. Why do we ever do anything but  listen to music?!
I am reading the Wall Street Journal.
erm, just trying out twitter, thanks for asking
Having fun with work:-)
Sudden sunshine not improving mood. Need word for dry appreciation of beauty that fascinates the mind but doesn't warm the heart.
just installed twitbin, the firefox twitter extension. :D
Waking up with a new president
trying out a nice new firefox extension: url
found tumblr thx to lisamac... just another thing to make me wish there where 30 hours in a day... :D url
XY Doc: "Turn Me On" - The history of the vibrator. Tonight, 10pm.
Don't forget to check out Eurovision on Saturday and Sunday night.
Spread the word: let your friends know that SBS is twittering. Program updates, uh, sporadically, at this stage.
wasting time waiting for Victor Kelly complaint of racial discrimination at the British Red Cross.
Playing with twitter on my mobile when I ought to be working
I am wasting time setting up twitter on my mobile phone when I ought to be working instead.
OK back to work - everyone wearing red today as it is red cross day.  Think I will write email to investigator about Victor Kelly's case to
still waiting for Victor Kelly's claim for racial dioscrimination reply.
Working on some invoices rather than my Ruby on Rails project.
Having a quick read of Computer weekly to see if there is any stuff about Ruby on rails
Out at  lunch
Got a copy of Victor's malicious accusations
Reading through Victor Kellys notes and updating www.itsdargens.com web2.0 anonymous p2p site
Taking a lot longer than I thought to do a Ruby on Rails update.
studying SPM
bored
Just finish red cross week chese and wine now back to worrying
Just tested skype on my mobile it works really well N95
Still working on kerjodando 0.2 anonmous web 2.0 p2p client
enjoying music
Stuck in petrol station because of heavy rain
Just created a profile on Twitter
Sending mail to yda-discuss about url
Setup mobile twitter
Developing a plan for collaboration architecture and strategy
studying cas
don't feel like studying any more
Working on a webex alternate plan.
working in web cafe on new web gui for kerjodando 0.2 - it is nearly working now
On the bus on my way to work. Feeling very depressed.
I *HATE* Tuesdays!
twitter me!
Meathead band?! Muse might be gushy but they're hardly meathead! But how can I not love Super Massive Black Hole?! ;)
Attempting to salvage my Final Major Project for College...
About to go to bed, Joe wont shut the hell up.....
Someone once told me there is a poetry to being ill,the bodily awareness that comes from your epithelia making themselves felt.Don't buy it.
Contemplating lymph.
The guy behind me on the train is throat singing or something and it's driving me crazy. Oh look, he just stopped. Thanks, twitter.r
Decided that most important thing for project is a cvs
Emily and Nate just won the King  of Fling Catapult contest! I'm  so proiud! And I inherited a mysterious catapult too.
Mythbusters, 7:30 tonight: Mailbag Special. Jamie and Adam invite four teams of viewers to visit M5 for an Archimedes Death Ray challenge.
The Movie Show is returning to SBS soon. Send me a direct message if you'd like to help beta-test the new website.
checking my email...la la la
Sitting on train sulking
Making plan for improving kerjodando p2p
On way to work thinking of setting up a cvs today for kerjodando.
Reading software design using java 2
Sourcing, recruiting
Back to paper of Piratpartiet.
Recovering from an excellent ride across the South Downs chasing sheep
Randomly picked up the May issue of Vogue and am now, predictably, irate. It's 2007 & 9/10 of "world's next top  models" are white? WTF?!
Back from another ride across the South Downs chasing Foxes in the Rain.
Lecturing at Kajaani,
Working with a paper about Piratpartiet
The eagle has flown! Well on my escape from corporate servitude! Sweet taste of freedom!
installing lots of apps on my Facebook profile
Resting my heels by crouching amid standers, as we wait in the foggy Greek Theatre for The Arcade Fire. . .
Overheard at concert :  they really take this instrument switching business seriously. Now the drummer has a guitar
Preictably  I am crushing out on  crazy white shirted climbing guy in Arcade Fire. That seriously rocked!
checkin' out twitter.......not sure that I "get it"  O_o
signed up for blogger
ok... i think I get it.
Are you, or do you know, a keen soccer player or fan? You could win a trip to Thailand thanks to Telstra: url
Still warm and bouncy from hitting the mat---first day back at the dojo after almost two years!
Lecturing at Helsinki
Day off today, watching video podcasts: Pop!tech Richard Alley and Brian Fagan; Best of Everest#47; Rocketboom; and Mobuzz
At Helsinki organizing a 8.6. seminar see in Finnish: matrixx.fi
lookin' at utube
secondlife not worth bothering with today
justin.tv and ijustine have disappeared O_O
reading macrumors
I am looking forward to the weekend! Golf in the am. Goodnight
Helsinki, coordinating a workshop about foresighting
Watching Olgas breast jiggle in time with Gael's ears
At Helsinki, consultating case.
Chip kidd on stage. Talking about zoetrope. Doing impressions.
Augusten bourroughs Dry. Running with sissors
Yidish policemans union cover
"learn to write, do crossword puzzle in NY times"
Next up ... Packaging with personality
Sharon werner . Mrs meyers brand and personality ten rum connect write back inspiration neighborhood . Four stories about packaging
Perfect imperfections
Cyrus highsmith " I like to write I like to read type design is a pretty cool job"
2 type designers copy old and copy self, old Results in no single style self shows  an interpretation . There is a lot of overlap between th
Form and counterform is type.  Daley's Gothic based on steel brush.  Draw the space between the branches. DISPATCH slab areif for heavy lift
Stainless a partner to dispatch.  Antenna a cold face for architecture  magazine.  Amira caligraphic sans. Kiosko news face for el Salvador
sign is colorful developed from dwiggins. Escrow for wall street journal. Novia for Martha Stewart. History of type as fuel. Job of the desi
more easy to describe.
You lose control of your typeface once it is released into the world. Work everyday remember what you are doing.
Creating a typeface for content creating content around a typeface. Think deeply about your audience.  HFO nop then hamburgefonsiv when desi
trying to get up the energy to get the garbage and recycling out onto the curb
doorbell ringing..going to answer it
wow, long visit with a friend..but it was fun....informative
eating glossette raisins..yum...and now need to design a cd jacket
Wanting to sleep because I am dog tired but not able to sleep (because I am dog tired?)
checking out Twitter
going to get coffee and collect canvases for new paintings
spending a beautiful sunny afternoon indoors painting
Watching the "Best of Everest" podcast...gettin' vertigo!!!
waiting for someone to sponsor me for the London To Brighton Bike Ride !
learning Decision Support Systems. it's borring like "Crime and punishment"
Finally pushing this thing live!
in Cincinnati
I'm working at this damn job
I'm testing twitter!
Drinking enegetic drink, hope that helps
Waiting for Raley to get back from the hospital :(
www.tw3t.com/16g
going to get a haircut!
Talking sailing with the hair stylist
Back at work!
testing twitter on facebook
Very excited to be kiteboarding in 2 days!
At work, showing Simon how cool Twitter is
at new network theory conference
at Dam, Netherlands, at conference New Network Theory
Made news posting to zeropaid. Now on way home.
Why does it always take so long  to get started on an expedition?
changing my ringtone
Sitting watching kerjodando ants p2p anonymous file sharing number of users climbing higher
working...juiced up on latte's!
Clothes shopping in BRENT CROSS
It turns out that being lectured at by a stranger that "see,  there are these things called quantum transitions" makes me cranky. ;p
watching tv
my fav par tof my job -- giving bonuses
preparing the report for ps
Trying Pownce and still primarily using Jaiku.
playing with twitted on my iPhone.
Going to bed so I can wake up at 7am
Going to sleep
shopping for ken and meghan's wedding gift.
Reading: "Nurses confront violence on the job - CNN.com" (url
Booking August Tour!
Right, so we have a gig tonight in Sudbury. We confirmed another tour date today, go Leicester. All dates are up on myspace and our website
Last night's show was good. We played well, so hot and sweaty though! Didn't get home 'til 2am! Knackered!
reading 'atlas shrugged'
Diagnostic Center Open@MRH - url
listening to music
New Tour Date today... we confirmed our Manchester venue as JABEZ CREGG! Gonna be fun! THU 2nd AUG!
Looking to get your MSN? Online? HCA wants to help. - url
web design
Boner is drinking red wine and dequacaine! Messy!
listening to "kill the wabbit"
Checking out all the twitter hype
making a twitter shirt
Waiting in line for Potter. Why oh why diidn't I pre-pay?
just dropped off nikita to her hostel
Thinking about TapTCP NAT traversal for kerjodando p2p
l_a:groups like "s.asians for obama" capitalize on affinity groups' desire for bus/soc networking:multi function event->more particip ...
ACS uses Second Life for virtual instance of it's annual Relay For Life fundraiser. Kudos to the ACS! - url 11 min ...
_a s.asians want to socialize and network, obama wants to harvest that energy.candidate-centric parties = better networking than issues.
-a: docs for obama, science teachers for edwards, manufacturers for clinton makes obvious sense, right?  Issues/self-interest = immediate
_a:ethnic&affinity groups for a candidate are just meta&fuzzier:hazy attempts @ associating social life/I_D/community with camp.Branding.
True, emmby, but I thinks it's an interesting topic and was hoping for others to jump in. :)
working at the Mindbus.nl HQ
wow.  this is awesome.  almost as awesome as updating drivers for an HP LasetJet 4100N.
what is the WHAT?
time to get some street meat for lunch!
Talking to LW
lazy morning
riding a train to KRK
fighting the flu  :-(
eye doctors appt. today! yaay. its been yeeeeeeears
Dr. Jonathan Perlin speaks on the importance of patient safety/quality improvement at HCA affiliate hospitals. url
up to 2 weeks to get my new glasses in!? wut a load of crap
Reading: Modern Healthcare Online (url
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmdairyqueen....
waiting for a train to krk.
yaaaaaaay new glasses! im not blind anymore! :D
Chillen in west
Spending too much time on the net!
waking up in a very  bizarre bedroom after long train trip with horses...
watching the fall of many zeros
bleh...
watching house
hooking up QS and launchy w/twitter (maybe)
quicksilver plus twitter
Why do people exit and enter the lifts so slowly? Don't they know the other people in the lifts have better things to do than wait for them?
suckin' down a venti iced coffee. Sweet sweet nectar.
Messin' with some css. I hate Internet Explorer.
Seeking shade in the warm Danville sun, wondering if I'll see any more wild turkeys today.
It's raining :(
w00t, don't have TB!
Test
decisions decisions.........
Contemplating why the coffee is always gone.
Waiting for the train at harlem 125th street. sketchy sketchy.
The Departed:  Great movie!  Can see why it won so many Oscars.  Removing the Curse of the Bambino on HBO:  Worth watching.  Bring tissues.
Playing with widgets.  Macs are too cool!
on my way back from westchester. ddi a little grillin' and chillin' at kelly's mom's house.
signing up for twitter
Watching godzilla vs mechagodzilla
going to make some dinner and try to calm down after learning that some so called friends are really not
calming down : ]
After my first camping trip in years, I am so going to enjoy this shower. Feels good to have worked on a trail three times. Go Pt. Reyes!
Bowel movement
In-laws FTL!!
eBay have placed restrictions on my account and will only allow me to list 2 items a week. Weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Grans in New York with you? Well whos this old lady Im taking to Bingo then? Oh god its Uncle Steve!! Ive made a terrible error
Off to north wales (haha, I accidentally typed NEW YORK then...), 3 days cut off from tv and internet. Shall i take my laptop?
DishNetwork is making me very angry.
damn im bored.. :(
Reading: New Nurses Report Significant Job Stress, Need for Better Management - UB NewsCenter (url
Morning after Panda Express dump.
Just sold my first bag! Woooohooo. Love to your mothers
Blogging.
reading a pathology book,listening music and wondering what movie is the one running on tv with muted sound..
sleepy.. time to change books: Stephen King(good before sleep,huh?)
coffee time!good morning everyone
247267102	bugdave	Awaiting Apple's iPod announcements.
Time to say goodnight,it was a long day ..I m so happy that finally I can go to bed!!
work! a couple of months crucial for my project  but I hope that everything will be ok ;)
Getting ready for work.
Testing twitter by fring on nokia again, suprising not to happy.
mmmm cheerios..
Thinking its about time he updated Twitter!
Regretting cheesecake. Tearing the ass out of me. Lactose not my friend.
it was not a very good day so I have a lot to do tomorrow..Im not sleepy so I ll browse the news, post something to a blog and make plans..
Oh why cheesecake why? You looked so good evil cake. Now metamucil.
Reading: "Mobile phone use in hospitals poses danger: study¬†|¬†Health¬†|¬†Reuters.com" (url
at home, trying out launchy
Flying to Atlanta in a week.. I hope that I ll have enough time to tour the CNN studios.Next-reserve a rental car for a trip to Augusta
Oh no!DjTiesto will be in Detroit on 13th(when I'll be in Atlanta)and on 14th he will be in Atlanta(when I m flying back to Detroit)
mostly wandering why none of my friends have joined yet....
waiting to get my hair cut by my trusty dresser luigi
why has nobody proven that dolphins evolved from wolves? come on you boffins
Looking at the earthquake monitor on my iMac.  Seems an earthquake of 4.9M happened near Ryukyu Islands Japan at 14:36 today.
I think tomorrow I ll go to Michigan Renaissance Festival
Its a beautiful day so Im thinking to spend a good part of it outdoors.first stop at Starbucks, next at MC Sports to buy a "chair in a  bag"
Large frapuccino. Venti is not a real word. When did I eat corn?
Reading: "UB Reporter: Study identifiespriorities for nurse retention" (url
Root canals suck.
they speak 3 French dialects in Louisiana.. i like that
Locked my keys in the boot. shit
Called a lock smith
The Big Kahuna. Short walk to sandwich island. Malama pono.
I need to blog. Or maybe not.
OK. I blogged. Now I can go to bed.
gather all the memories and build the safest place in your heart...\
want to go back to the past.. im missing a lot of things..
i hate being sick.... i really do.\
is my bestfriend tonight.
Still trying to decide whether Twitter adds any meaning to life...
Put the kids on the bus ... time to do bills ...
I wonder if Osama bin Laden has a blog ... seems like that would be the perfect outlet for him ... or Twitter, I guess ...
Reading: Community superbug a growing menace at News-Medical.Net - url
Leif Pettersen is from Minneapolis but travels to Europe every year.He wrote the Lonely Planet Guide for Romania.. right now he s in Romania
Working and ignoring my reaction to a very good friend getting fired.
it's like a bird that i've set free..it's gone forever. \
to finally let it go.\
back, then perhaps by that time, i ...
Yum left over sushi. Room temperature raw fish. Bad diarrhea.
Making quesadillas and quinoa for the kiddos...
Sorting though the nonsense, unsuccessfully.
Huge breakthrough.
Turns out it's only a vague breakthrough.
Everything is completely back to normal now!
Oh no, it's happening again: url
In six years, evry flight, I've always gotten selected for "random" extra searching. Today I got the airpuffer machine.
Rather terrified of this flight....forgot my earplugs. My poor eustacian tubes....
More equipment is needed to ensure progress.
Sourcing!
The new Outlook edition of Salesforce is cool. Or is it? Is software cool anymore?
Yes, the caesar salad I had for lunch was great, but just about anything tastes great with a kilogram of parmesean cheese shaved onto it.
THere is no end to the numbers.
It seems unlikely that any of this amounts to anything.
NC Double A. Corporate colonic, yes. But it left skid marks.
It's that time again.
loved Atlanta but I was stuck on their airport on my way back because of heavy rain..anyway,I didnt had enough time to enjoy the city
Reading: "BioMed Central | about us | Press releases" (url
Approaching Wloszczowa.
weird.
Setting up a WIndows machine gives you time for pause. It's like therapy.
Look, there, out the window what can it be? A man rubbing his nipples, stripped to the waist oiled in gee
Going for a run tomorrow: I've shaved my beard so I expect less air resistance and thus a more comfortable journey. when I say beard I d ...
I need a french press to cook my drug of choice.
cold compress on my wrist... :(
Check out the Pharmacy Residency Programs at CJW and HDH - url
wrist sprain= damn pain. good thing it's not on my left hand.
Being excited that my Freyja statue arrived.
Reading a news story about an irate woman who threw her six month old baby five feet at police officers  I bet I can throw farther than her.
Good luck with that dude. Sure it will all be fine
Only one thing for it....camp it up. That'll get you through
Works
olhando tv :B
Beautiful: url
Bugger..offertrax.com is an rss feed powered user generated shopping site  that tracks product prices etc and kaboodle.com is a shopping ...
Y!Mash..new way of social networking?we ll see..
VA PTs State Conference in Roanoke VA. Find out more - url
building out some workflows
Sending updates from my phone
Just found out that facebook api supports ruby and has a pluggin for rails. That's righ you heard now tell gran to put the kettle, tonig ...
I really wish fast food places delivered.
The secret to getting a coffee drink from Starbucks that doesn't taste like sugar milk: order it with an additional shot of espresso.
testing twitter
pfpfpf almost weekend ;-)
2morrow we go to bobbejaanland, i hope the weather improves
I think that I'm going to go buy the Roky Erickson anthology right now. Try to stop me.
I'm making pizza from scratch
Excellent meal in Kent.
leaving the office
Struggling to stay awake.
In the office, about to lunch
updating from AIM! weeee.... damn i am bored.. =/
tired.
Getting some code ready for the last day of training tomorrow...then off to ATL.
Sitting in traffic in ATL
AORN Gala coming in November. - url And Congrats to Richmond Chapter. Best in US/url
What a game of rugby! speachless
I have a special food lab...I keep it in a lunchbox at work in the fridge. The contents are hairy.
I always shave my food before I eat.
I've told you; I eat them because they allow me to see the future: on monday morning you will feel ill. Also my nickname is the furry prawn.
Er...when I said the furry prawn I just meant that I have a tiny hairy penis; not an aquatic pet. Sorry, I feel such a fool
Trying again to see if I can get Remember The Milk to work via Twitter.
more reading for chem....even for genetics. [amidst the distractions and constant nostalgia]
relaxing after the loooong and tedious chem and genetics exam. \
was definitely shorter than the latter. God can definitely hear.
will be working and draining my brain again for Theology.\
the Lord.. but this subject is really testing me. Stress is at its finest.
almost [insert word here]. I've had so many significant realizations tonight.\
u kidding me? but Ive been camping outside my own front door in a sleeping bag. I thought fuck harry potter or the iphone; this is hardcore
sitting here setting up twitter and send linkedin invites!
Mipcom, Cannes, France: talking about Twitter ;-)
Listening to Mike Volpi, Joost.
can't concentrate. i need a breather.
Whenever you go to play basketball I imagine your playin against those cartoon monsters in that film with michael jordan and bugs bunny
this and that
just signed up for twitter..
Trying to update from my phone.
Twitter is really cool... Watching the show American Choppers.
first day of eid .. feels good
Looking to buy a game called Shut the Box.
will be composing a new song.. but have to finish the shirt designs ASAP.
Sitting at Starbucks @ Anderson Lane
Planning to take a step forward. I hope everything turns right for everyone.
my 5 year old brother seems to enjoy Sami Yusuf's songs more than I do :)
Starting to rain at the begining of the 2nd quarter. Rebels 3 BYU 0.
Just dropped sheree off at hospital. Been told to ring at lunchtime....erm...probably just hang around
My tally for today so far: 1 x filter coffee, 1 x espresso, 1 x latte... Its only 9.30
I feel high on haribo...and a little sick
John Randolph Medical Center is hosting a RN invitational. Lots of changes occurring at JRMC - url
Watching the Bulls vs Wizards preseason game.
getting back work spirit after a holiday isn't easy. god bless facebook :p
Cutting my hair...
Browsing through my feeds
Buying several screwdrivers in case one gets stuck in a skull.
Why do I always end up at the checkstand where the clerk is insanely slow?
I've finally finished 20 episodes of Heroes and i must say, there have been strange reasons why i'm nostalgic once again..
will be leaving in 2 hours for the ASLA meeting. Another busy day.
got my life back (aka, internet working again)!
Just left the casino on my way to Cali for my son football game.
At IKEA in West Covina, CA getting a bookcase.
Me and arthur are just about to enter the west mid safari park...I'm gonna bomb it round
Where are the f-ing tigers?
Cant quite get over how many young couples there are without any kids going around in their cars. Is this what the kids are doing these days
The lions look depressed
Oh my god a rhino
Uh oh...fuel light came on
Reptile house rocks!
Were in a rugby world cup final! Your country needs you. This is no time for code/locating gran.
Jason robinson has just ended his international career. A moments silence please
you get the best feeling in the world when you cross major things off your to do list
Wishing the AC at work would stop pumping cold air in my face all day long. Management doesn't seem to bother with my complaints!
Checking my latest photos on Flickr.
Gah Nick Hornby is here and I have no camera!
Cellebrating.
Adding a comment to Alan Levine's Cogdogroo.
will have to how to multi-tasks over th e coming few weeks. A strom of tasks is coming my way!
Updating my Facebook, finding friends and general browsing
Hi Al, Checking tweets now I;ve added some friends. Finally got into it after Alan Levine's visit to Adelaide. Vonnie (SouthOz)
best episode of 2007! -> Armin Van Buuren - A State of Trance 322
Taking a few minutes out of app writing - chore! Tweets will be pretty sparse for a while.
Thinking about a presentation to a group of secondary Tourism teachers next week - including ideas for using Web2.0 tools in the classroom.
The blood flow is heavy
Facebook's valued at 15 billion and only makes ~150 million a year. Are we heading for another bubble?
Yours truly here is utterly impressed by the guided video tour of the new Mac Leapord. Simply jaw dropping!
Just about to have a cup-ha-soup for lunch. putrid
Just put the f-ing kettle on and thought to myself 'this taking a whil√® only to realise some sadistic idiot has unplugged it
A simple comment on lifehacker brings in loads of visitors. Sweet :)
Damn forgot my camera at halloween dance i'm chaperming.
back from the ASLA 6 Congress. :) Good job ASLA CORE!
I'm gonna need to step up the career game if I ever want to achieve a world-class usability expertise. Must find out how.
Watching lord of the rings with me boy
Baking brownies.
studying edic
Graphic Advertising and Marketing.  Small business advertising
went on a shopping spree today.. project makeover in motion :)
I'm dressed as the PHB from Dilbert, since my company has a special Halloween potluck today. got2b's super mega hairpsray was a big help.
Pensando no Frank Baby (L)
researching for the project
Web 2.0 stelde niks voor, maar Web 3.0 is het wel!
Cleaned out my closet. Now how do I get rid of all those 80's pants and t-shirts?
Trying out Flock .. not bad so far!
Studying
had a great time out with the guys.. talked about life, career, relationships. some very deep shit :)
Having a strange appetite for work today.
Writing songs.x
spinning twitter
Signing up for twitter
practicing on the guitar
adding twitter to my facebook
watching TV, making dinner...
"Generations In the Workplace": A Special Talk for OR Nurses at Retreat Hospital. url
Setting down to write a bunch of posts for the next two weeks. Every-other-day posting frequency seems to suit me pretty well.
Getting ready for some racketball! and packing for my trip to Belize.
enjoying my new garden pond. doublechecking the timer for the submerged light is working properly
Watching a jay-z interview I tivoed...
heck of a day. drinking a little red wine. doin' some surfin'
Watching the CNBC video of David Lear.  Good job Sean!
and now... off to Belize!
finished watching realtime with bill maher. he had to physically remove some hecklers from audience. -- now that's live tv
organizing home office ....
working on web page
adding more emitters and line to our drip irrigation.
cooking dinner --
getting ready for bed
the company's sending me off next week for a two-day course on how to build confidence and shit. Does anybody think I need more of that?
feeding dogs. watering plants outside & in.
breakfast. then back to the yard. raking more irrigation system stuff.
Coming back to reality.
Church audio
just finished planting some perennials. including purple fountain grass as a backdrop for our new garden pond
booking flight to san fran for new tevee conference
Heading to bed!
Working in the pasture
working, coding, making phone calls
I just discovered twitter!
Sitting and relaxing in the place in Belize!
going home...
Watching TV & working on new web page
I am currently away from the computer.
Gave a dynamite presentation at work yesterday for 70+ people. Only problem was, I had to do in two languages at the same time! Imagine  ...
Gave a dynamite presentation at work yesterday for 70+ people. Had to do in 2 languages at the same time, how awkward that was!
Breakfast, then work on the guest house in Belize! :)
fed dogs, hand-watered new perennials, been to gym, and now at work
-- we must be on the same sched, as I was just remarking about how handy a hammock would be about now.
hand watered new perennials. Fed dogs. Crated dogs, as somebody is working in our hourse today. Went to gym.
smoothie for breakfast
now at work, checking email
---plenty long -- depending on the individual, i've been know to come to a conclustion in 30 minutes in a similar scenario
I am currently away from the computer.
Do pijacych w Pozytywce: na zdrowie!
the continuing misnomer of "above the fold". I actually know one designer who designed a picket sign stating "There is No Fold"
going out to water new perennials, and then off to gym.
going to miami. Gonna eat a pork sandwich.
sitting intraffic. gonna miss my flight. this is crap.
Working on web page
I am currently away from the computer.
Sleeping
Awaiting armaggedon
brunch on south beach. Bloody mary baby.
you have a fake wife, too?
finished working on the house in Belize.  Now off to dinner.
at the maxim hometown hottie party in miami.
i am loving this sem.... although there are still "issues" left hanging.
sitting drinking starbucks watching my girlfriend shoot the hometown hotties winner. I must have done something right.
I am currently away from the computer.
checked on new fish in garden pond -- all is well
Working on web page
Sleeping
watching my Michael Jordan come fly with me dvd at 2am in the morning... boy was he great.
Going to church
thanks for following me
I yell this is sparta when i'm alone fighting urban traffic
thanks for following me
removed leaves from garden pond, harvested some lettuce, repotting cactus
Watching TV, working on Christmas Video
Home from Belize.  Watching TV and not thinking about going back to work.
Thinkig combination. Things are not as simple as they appear.
In the office
14 rollingstone.com wireframes by EOD tomorrow. Kill me now.
-- um, url doesn't seem to work....
Chipotle....feeling..sluggish....zzzzzzzzzzzz
pooped, in recliner watching Chuck then off to bed!
just got back from gym.
reporting a phishing email targeting customers of etrade
Coo!
o/~ Going to NJ, gonna eat a lotta turkey, going to NJ...
Ya-ha! I finally got Remember The Milk to work via the new "block" feature.
Gooooool!
Watching TV, working on FBC Christmas stuff.  Thank God it's raining (we are in severe drought)!!!
Stuck in traffic....zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz. I could just end it all now...
turkey in the oven, making giblet gravy
Watching football...
org chem problems can be fun :)
Yes, congrats on house. Fires are the least of your worries...theres burglaries, spiralling interest rates and domestic violence to think of
Errrrr.... They keep playing track 6 (the shit one) from radiohead album on radio
Just finished watching Yanni Live! concert and I gotta say: He's the only musician who's concert music is better than his studio music!
enjoying outdoor fire pit -- it's actually cold enough for a fire outside in Austin.
collecting left-over turkey recipes -- mmm turkey chili relenos
-- actually tonite, we're having leftover chili from infamous chili cookoff in october -- be here at 6:30pm -- we have plenty ;)
Been offered 500 quid for wii? What do I do?
...what will the kids think of me though?
Grilling turkey on the grill and watching football!
And posting pictures on Flickr: www.flickr.com/photos/gold41
Watching my celtics vs the bobcats.
kelly's high school reunion.  if one more person mistakes me for someone they went to school with I'm outta here.
Going to office!
just adopted a bunch of extinct animals from the WWF for holiday gifts including a three toed sloth
hugs!
Hotels without WiFi are all too disturbingly common. Worse is the hotel advertising WiFi where it turns out to be $15.
spinning with Celeb DJ Michelle Pesce url
: That is some website craig. I don't know what you needed me for.
Pumkin muffin. Christmas blend.
feeding dogs, feeding fish in aquarium, checking on fish in garden pond
why oh why would anyone use Comic Sans on their signage? It imediately discredits your business.
setting down to write my annual gigantic birthday post. I'm 25 next Sunday :)
Watching Passenger57 ^.^
posted a new video shopping with Kate Moennig from the L Word.url
Back from EPEAT BofA meeting in SF and can't sleep
I'm officially 25! yaay :)
Internet stalking freaks me out sometimes. Especially when I'm the stalker.
baking cookies and pound cake so I can send to my parents for Christmas.
The Dolphins stink so badly they even make the Jets look good.  Sigh.  First pick in the draft will be... Tim Tebow?
CJW Medical Center is Richmond VA is opening 14-bed progressive care unit featuring the eICU system. Read more... url
Revelation: quitting a company is the ultimate motivation to get things done!
Trying out Carrot2 (Open Source Search Results Clustering Engine) like Clusty (ex Vivisimo)/
today's philo discussion was very inspiring. it takes experience to understand a phenomenology of the topic :)
Is There a ‚"Nursing Degree Inflation‚"? Read this story at the American Chronicle. url
EPEAT...Platinum?  Who the heck made that up?
Best smooth jazz I've ever heard: Chris Botti
Researching marketers' thoughts about integrated communications/media platforms.
Nursing Program Enrollment Slows Despite Nursing Shortage - url
I just remembered I could charge my SE K750i with the USB cable. No need to go out and buy a new charger for the old broken one. Me happy :)
Off today, burning up both vacation days and money shopping!
studyin consys :(
That.S AWESOME!
received new office furniture, organizing home office -- akin to simple drudgery.  why is it i hate going thru everything i own.
Just finished compiling a huge playlist of over 110+ hours (1000+ songs) worth of relaxing and chillout music
new song! just send me a message if you want a copy :)
wrapping presents like a madwoman
and the film control is awesome
Every day is one day closer to freedom!
Going to the zoo hoping not to get wet.
Been a while since my last blog post. I think I will write dozen of 'em in Eid holiday and schedule them over the coming month(s)
Rory Edelman, the designer of Rory Beca is cool
relaxing after Racquetball by watching the scintillating Monday Night Football Game. :)
showing my husband facebook about to watch kite runner
recommendation letters are due
If u see someone running like crazy to a shared office printer, then know this person is looking for another job coz he just printed his CV!
Finished outlining my new year resolutions. Now I'm gonna plan 'em in details.
cooking up something to warm the innards!
Debating whether I want to get a dog...travel a bit...don't want it to be lonely...
happy birthday. :)\
been a long time, really.
"All love shifts and changes. I don't know if you can be wholeheartedly in love all the time." Julie Andrews
Dr Jonathan Perlin, CMO and VP of Quality for HCA, discusses MRSA at APIC Meeting - url
Reading about Warren Buffet...interesting guy...I like him.
I can't find my hellyeahdude coaster?
Installed Firefox 3 beta.. super fast and pretty! Plus, now not so much a memory-whore.
Studying for a Commercial Law Final
Maybe studying AND drinking bourbon
I'm sleeping...briefly
Got a freelance job designing a flyer. Been long time since I brushed up on my design skills.
Currently dreading having to take this final
Anyone else think Huckabee looks like Kevin Spacey?
watching soprano on url
ready for a nice weekend!
Is about to go to Junior Prom.  AKA Molly's Office Christmas Party
Feist... one two three...
2 weeks to go before new year/job
Studying for my last exam.
Listening to Armin Van Buuren's A State of Trance 2007 Year Mix .. some fine trance music I tell ya!
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn‚Äôt do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowli ...
huh what?
going to the eco gift fair in santa monica
going to fido to escape the unreliable pirated wifi in my apartment
reading the script of "The Diving Bell and the Butterfly"
Editing photographs of the Texas Capitol in Photomatix and Photoshop before sending them off to the printer!
scrambling to find a buddy with wheels to pick up a matress i bought from a guy on craigslist
counting my beans.
at work reading Kelley's "The Art of Innovation" and trying out twitter for the first time!
Is reading a book
Finished with Semester 5 of law school
I've just decided that we don't listen to enough reggae at work (like augusto pablo)...also checkout secret language and a track called  ...
Reston Hospital Center awarded Magnet Status today. Read more about this outstanding achievement here - url
super sick, i hate colds, spinning on stylehive.com tomorrow. love that site!
mac keyboard fix! url
Looking for a career opportunity at a Magnet Hospital? Find what you've been looking for at Reston Hospital Center - url
ordered a flip video cam for my parents for Christmas... I sure wish it had card storage since they travel -- but it's great otherwise
changed my mind and ordered a wifi picture frame for my parents at thinkgeek.com. I can SMS or email pics to it!
great read. interesting thesis: interaction design is a crutch. url
I love this guys website: url
Is reading a book!
Packed and heading out to Virginia
"getting lifted" on chablis and apple cider
"Hudsucker" is one of those funny words, like "weasel" or "chainsaw".
Celebrate the Yuletide Season! Merry Christmas :)
Target: choinka. Status: prepare to destroy. ;-)
Everything about Christmas is expensive.
Crying out to all Nashvillians in desperation for the kindness of a stanger with a pickup truck or other such means of transpo...
reflecting on how psychotic I may have appeared a few hours ago.
Johnny Lee's great wiimote projects: url ... headtracking and multipoint
Browsing stumble upon and adding the new Christmas comic to digg.
By comic I mean url
having myself a merry little christmahannakwanzaa, hoping that you are as well...
mapquest directions to my house are pretty messed up after all the construction work... my mom is lost.
Fat implanting.
investigating broadband speeds url
Great news coming soon :)
I hate having to explain to users what "default" means. Any one got another word for it?
Trying to learn facebook...
waiting at the metro to get my phone which I left in my Mom's cousin's car. this would be a good place for wifi!
a hot technology to watch: ebook readers. sounds strange... but e-ink, wireless, low power, price, torrents... are a powerful combination.
killer gadget idea - GPS with an easily accessible SD card slot for geophoto tagging of camera data. Garmin?
Home from cold and rainy Williamsburg
Im on antibiotics...again. No gin for 7 days
adding new T-shirts to my www,onlinechristianshopper.com web store
can't believe I keep typing commas for dots...updating my www.onlinechristianshopper.com Christian T-Shirt store
Retweet: Thomas Smith, MA, RN, CPHQ, of Henrico Doctors' elected President of the NAHQ! Congrats to Thom! Read more here url
10 years of intimate computer relationships, and feels like i'm a monkey on a piano trying to learn this damn mac i've just switched to
Life without goals is like driving in an unfamiliar city without a roadmap.
i hate humans
Finally moving away from AceMoney to Microsoft Money. Semi-manual switch but ultimately worth it!
Starting to follow Ron Z :-) Watching the Patriots game looking for my old childhood friend.
Watching Sherk.
Getting bored watching shrek.
About to go get coffee.
So, the Pats are 16-0.  Do we need to watch more football today?
cleaning
full day out in the muddy, sloppy freezing rain doing disaster training... home again at last!
Browsing: Christine Vachon - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia url
Browsing: Dirty Laundry (2007) url
writing a business plan, under the defining sound of god/dess laughing uproariously
Reading: The Long Tail: Are dead-tree magazines good or bad for the climate? url
the midatlanticdogs.org website transitions at midnight tonight... what a thing to work on new years' eve
Cleaning up the house and packing up the Christmas stuff.
just added christian shoes to my store url
Playing Scrabulous (Hi LPT!) and IMing with folks.
Testing command-line twitter. Command-lines are our friends.
Eating lunch at a pc because the lunch room is full of noobz.
work, work, work :-)
one more thing, Garmin... if I could have my GPS tracks sent wirelessly to my email account, I'd keep better logs. Cellphone apps can do ...
Reading: Facebook Ads Make You the Star -- And You May Not Know It | Epicenter from Wired.com url
today's the last day of this job. yipeeeeee
new to twitter, just going to have a look around and see what its about!
It's over. I'm a free man!
after updating to firefox 3 beta 2 this post just made my day url
I was right... Garmin's latest device is sporting wireless transfer to the PC and other devices...check out the 405 url ...
ack. shortened! url
www.last.fm is a really good idea
Worst drive I've ever had.
Sanjay is twittering on gtalk on bb
Reading: ProHipHop: Hip Hop Business: Season 4: When The Wire's Realness Stumbled url
is re-learning cooking skills
First day at the new job.
Working on wedding video and web page while watching TV.
Going to the one party I go to every year... my SAR unit's holiday party.
Testing Vista twitter gadget.. it's so bulky!
Either I'm sick, or RSpec-installed as plugin into my rails app simply disappeared from it, damn motherfucker. There's 50% chance of either.
Making dinner, watching football and waited to see if anyone makes scrabulous moves
Reading up on lightroom. I ordered it a few days ago.
Reading: Wired News - AP News url
getting Twitter sorted!!!
Sending greeting cards from url
Reading: BitTorrent, Uncensoring Independent Filmmakers | TorrentFreak url
Watching Janet Jackson new video.
HEY HO LET'S GO!
Reading: Filmmaker Magazine: Blog url
Launching Awards season microsite and it's in bad shape. This is going to be a multi-venti coffee day.
ATB does it again with ATB The DJ 4: In the Mix. Solid trance music!
finishing reading Skulduggery Pleasant
has found out how to VNC securely url
found a video that has made his morning, gizmodo man armed with a tv-turner offer, classic url
Just done my premarital genetic screening test. Results in 12 days.
is watching the new mp4-23 launch url
is learning svn url url url
: welcome back. How 'bout them Giants?
Why does Indiana Jones have a whip as part of his essential arsenal?
I'm spending the GDP of Rwanda on books
Pulaski recognized by VHQC for excellence in treating congestive heart failure. - url
Spent 5 hours yesterday whipping my music collection into shape. Now if I only could get album arts automatically downloaded. Anyone kno ...
Somebody just got fired today. I think it's the first time I witness such thing. Very aweful!
A Red Bull followed by a Jones 24c are the perfect breakfast for a day at work.
My haven of clean grammar and properly answered emails has been made a warzone of typos and mistakes by incompetent agents.
woke up at at 0730... problem is that I'm on the West Coast and it's really 0430.
I'm furious that the iPod died when Pink Floyd was playing.
Watching bad horror and sci-fi so you don't have to.
congrats met Thecrowds.Crowdsourcing branche wordt gezellig.Let a 1000 flowers bloom!(we gaan wel graag "crowds" Google fight aan;-)
Totally agree...This is going to change the world! Crowds rule!
coming back from San Diego to snow.... fingers crossed that we don't get stuck somewhere. No other flights available.
Working@a Cafe to Arcade Fire String Quartet tribute to Funeral: weirdly productive. Points for amazon.
finally in utah.
Why do I only want to sleep at innapropriate times?
Watched The Secret last night. I totally bought the concept. I'm gonna read more into it.
skating
Bought an awesome suit last night for my engagement party next month
Installing the new version of my all-time fav photo editing app: PhotoImpact X3
has arrived in Palo Alto
surfing the world wide web!
still surfing and chatting
finally bought an iPhone . . . Geez, why did I wait?
MS Licensing Essentials: this just had to be the most boring training sessions I'm ever going to attend this year. No wait a min, all time!
Working on a UPA conference poster. Or two...
working on affiliate program of www.tradekey.com
Finished installing Mozilla Prism with all my fav webapps: gmail, calendar, notebook, Facebook, Twitter, Todoist
Signing up for twitter.
This is my first post on twitter, and I am experimenting...
Welcome to orate fratres on 01.21.08!
blessed march in Grants Pass yesterday. The sun broke through in many ways. Check the pics..
Sweating.
Reading: Sundance Interview: 'Ballast' Director Lance Hammer - Blogging Sundance url
Bad movie alert: "The Ten"
Watching all my tivoed shows I missed last week.
Good day from fratres this 01.22.08! There can be no quarter given in the defense of the little ones...See "Response to Call for Civility"..
2nd day on new job.  1st day of 3 day training. Fun stuff. Lots of configuration for these ecrm products.
new song again: Walk or stay. another collaboration with budding lyricist Joy. :) Jamming on Thursday albeit the really toxic sked. :)
In Dallas area after first day on the new job.  All is well!
Happy Wednesday 01.23.08 Find out where pro abort Catholic pols go to confess on the blog news... Have the best day possible!!! James.
Frankfort Regional Medical Center did it again! - url
LOST, the video game: coming out late Feb. Can't wait!
The ultimate risk is living your life in such a way that when you come to lie on your deathbed you will have cause for regret.
01..24.08 Good Day!!! See Pope Benedict's plea for Christian unity... Have the best day possible. James
I'm determined to leave work on time today so I can finally do my laundry.
is working.  What else?
is procrastinating.
reading the screenplay for "Atonement"
Took my fiancé to do her premarital blood test today.
Is driving home
Been listening all day to 2 amazing songs by Matt White: Best Days and Love. Check 'em out!
Microsoft Expression Web is the most stupid untested application MS has ever released. Just try it for a real website and see what I mean.
The office is a f***ing freazer. I'm turning into an ice cream.
talking to Ian about twitter :0o
My coffee tastes like cigarettes.
I am now watching a DVD
finishing a pulled pork sandwich
The path to peace is Christ....Check out the blog news for Tuesday 01.29.08
great day!!!
See you in Rome next Summer? A new proposal calling for an global moratorium on abortion gains ground in Europe! See the post...
Nihili est - in vita priore ego imperator romanus fui
What do think about gay/straight alliances on Catholic campuses? Do they help or hinder the mission of the Church? See: Sheep Circles pos...
, @cleshen, everything went well. Good people! Probably have to go back to meet a few more.
the band is just fantastic- that is really what i think
Next Thursday is my official engagement party.
Neo is learning how to do froggy legs in the pool
Waiting for Alvin and the Chipmunks
Just booked 3 shows for the end of March
Just finished taking a marathon weekend ham radio class for my license. Whew!
Working on Ga Mtn Passion Play projection project
sorting through technical data at work. actually interesting stuff re dns and email security
, @cleshen: $470 to Vegas, huh? Maybe we should make it a roadtrip.
Reading the screenplay of "Away From Her"
I'm playing with widgets on social networking sites. Apparently, I can't input widget code into the update section. Not a big surprise.
Been in traffic for an hour now
jorja fox tells spindaily.com about the play she is producing on dusty springfield
going to vote
WATCHING THE RESULTS
Man i hope to god that Hillary does not win Tennessee. Go Huckabee!!
Decided to start work on my accounts project.
I've been persuaded microblogging has some utility.
emotes.
Tomorrow is the first day for the rest of my life. (I've always wanted to say that and now I can!)
terrible day. lost my cellphone, woke up late, lost my pen, feel tired, at least the ipod charger works :)
it's 5AM, and the ibook has just made it out of surgery. i've made this entry on it. the light flickered once, but seems to be fine.
A conversation with Nils considers applications of proof-of-work to individual privacy.
The whole state is in traffic jam
Sourcing for Talent!
Mistical, Diallo and THEROCK878 are playing CoD4.
Test from Quicksilver
I'm officially married! Sorry girls, this pretty face's off the market :)
Just sitting in the front of the apple store
Eating at zippys
What a great days at Lift Conference in Geneva....Still full of energy & inspiration..!
is full of cold. Bleugh.
What would a facebook app called "Batphone" do?
My new official favorite quote: "The book of life is brief and once a page is read all but love is dead." Comes from Don McLean song "An ...
wondering what I should do with this twitter thing... looks interesting as it works seamlessly with iphone and all...
Mistical, Diallo, THEROCK878, Rathman44, Hendrix6406, MICKEY3 and 2 other friends are playing CoD4.
TV strike is over. Yeah!
usual day @ office. :)
Watching jesse on all my children.
Great news for HCA employees! Read about changes to their 401(k) - url
enterprise -- i typically think of enterprise it architecture, and business optimization, performance mgmt, and process
Great article: Practical guide to controlled experiments on the web: listen to your customers not to the hippo.url
Hmm. resending url: url
Neo got 2 chicks from school
Mistical, Diallo, Rathman44, Hendrix6406, MICKEY3 and another buddy are playing CoD4.
Posted 'Stay Forever Dusty' to blip.tv: url
Posted 'Iconic Jewelry' to blip.tv: url
burger and movie. Now that's my kind of valentine's day!
Mistical, Diallo, Rathman44 and Hendrix6406 are playing CoD4.
Just had some li hing mixed arare
Signing up on Twitter
It's here... I was so impatient!!!
Watching TV and working on Passion Play Graphics.
Neo swam in 8 ft today
Sitting in bed working on my finances
Starbucks $2.00 wallet Tag:Meals
woot is back up -- offering a Wireless Digital Picture Frame
Posted 'Designer Profile with Kelly Nishimoto' to blip.tv: url
Interesting open source news site: url
Neo and I just practiced swimming at rec 1
Mistical, Diallo, Rathman44, Hendrix6406, MICKEY3 and iLBrYnEeLiTeEe are playing CoD4.
feeling the burn after getting over zealous on the yardwork-- bring on the Spring!
: i mean really, can you blame him?
CJW ED Directors speak! Check it out. url
LSU English prof just said 'old fuck' on NPR during anti-Castro rant!
Loving the iPray Christian shirt at url  Gotta get me one!
Posted 'A Soldier's Wishlist' to blip.tv: url
8C AND SUNNY IN EDMONTON IS THE FORCAST FOR TODAY
Wilkinson veut il une paire de boucles d'oreilles ?
sleeping
Officially married today!
Going Green on the Economy | Biofuels url
Posted 'Independent Spirit Awards: Red Carpet Style' to blip.tv: url
Mistical, Rathman44, THEROCK878, Hendrix6406, MICKEY3 and iLBrYnEeLiTeEe are playing CoD4.
I finally went to church.
Back from Italy! Trying to recover from jet lag and illness. And work is hard to get my head into.
Trying out the Adobe Air twhirl twitter client.
Mistical, Diallo, Rathman44, THEROCK878, beebs32 and MICKEY3 are playing CoD4.
Trying to get SharePoint and Exchange to sleep together. They're were on a break!
building a site at www.xtensiv.net.. duh!
Cool Prince Caspian Narnia movie Christian T-Shirt at url
Will I go to url I cannot decide.
Today is my last day of swimming class
I swam 50 ft today with 3 breaths
recovering from a 4 hour training & discussion
interesting articles on social graphs here: url
Geothermal Energy Needs a BIG Boost | Geothermal Energy url
Darn! It's nuts to start training at 8Am on Sunday during the winter!
Voiceless chaperoning requires a lot of undignified & ambiguous miming. 'laryngitis' looks like a decapitation threat.
Working
Update Twitter
Delicate & Reset Group present Answer @ Club 808 RCA: 
Visua.. url
Welcome to the Ch'tis... a super movie!
really have to mention: great blogpost from my CreativeCrowdsColleague Stijn about online marketing 3.0 url
I need some creative motivation for this new email!  I gotta step it up now that my boss is gone!
: how serendipitous ;)
Mistical, Diallo, Rathman44, THEROCK878, KGCUBS10 and hendrix6406 are playing CoD4.
In the Office, catching up
Cindy Glover Talks Magnet! See 1 of 3 part interview. url
I'm crossing something off my bucket list soon. Feels good!
I'm so busy it hurts. Oh wait, that's just hunger.
2 much snow, 2 much sleet, make for a long trip home
Mistical, Diallo, Rathman44, THEROCK878 and KGCUBS10 are playing CoD4. Hendrix6406 and iLlByRnEeLiTeEe left for the night.
I'm working for NASA
The latest eNewsletter is out - url
blog spotting
Posted 'Stephanie Johnson's Cosmetic + Travel Bags' to blip.tv: url
Posted 'Snaek Peek: Element Eden's Summer Collection' to blip.tv: url
Trying not to fail the MPRE.
should be updating his CV.
Drawing something new.
qedwiki by ibm looks really interesting...url
Mistical, THEROCK878 and beebs32 are playing CoD4.
Review: Speakerphone ??? Audio Ease: Review: Speakerphone ????????????????????????????????????????? .. url
Learning the art of story-telling...
Still working on video and graphics for the Ga Mtn. Passion Play in every spare minute.
blowing here, blowing there
Just saw 3 episodes of Download: The Story of the internet on the Science channel.
Mistical, THEROCK878 and KBCUBS10 are playing CoD4.
Winding down for bed
Green tea, ginseng, red bull, sudafed-still tired.
Posted 'Los Angeles Runway: Imasu by Kelly Nishimoto' to blip.tv: url
Zooey passed her cadaver test. It's nice having another operational dog!
checking out Twitter...finally.
reading some blogs
Mistical and THEROCK878 are playing CoD4.
it's about creativity.: 
Mistical, THEROCK878 and iLBrYnEeLiTeEe are playing CoD4.
Mistical and THEROCK878 are playing CoD4. KGCUBS10 just finished playing.
Is faux confidence enough?
A State of Trance ep. 340 is really awesome!
Posted 'LA Runway: Alexis LaMontagna' to blip.tv: url
looking for angel investors or venture capital, anyone know of someone who i should connect with?
Mistical, THEROCK878, KGCUBS10 and iLlByRnEeLiTeEe are playing CoD4.
Part II of Reston Hospital Center CNO, Cindy Glover, discussing the journey to Magnet Status - url
writing an article on Agresso excelerator a ERP report writing tool for www.AgressoConsultant.com
passed my night 40-acre air sent test with zooey last night. another slam dunk for her. one to go or a second cert!
At lunch sitting on the couch wondering what this whole twitter things is about.
working on my blog
learning more about twitter
Mistical, THEROCK878 and KGCUBS10 are playing CoD4.
reading
trying to get some sort of demo of Dargens.com anonymous p2p to take with me pizza on rails - the concept is looking like a world beater.
Also still putting finishing touches to my article about Agresso Excelerator report writer for www.AgressoConsultant.com.
Testing Friends Network www.Dargens.com:3000 - going to be great when finished - twitter with wings
Going to Pizza or Rails in about 30 mins great news today to hear that host Paul Birch has sold what he helped to found to AOL for $850m
Korg Stylus-Controlled Tablet Synth for Nintendo DS: DS-10: ????????????????? Nintendo DS Korg DS-10.. url
Tried timetoast last night - I really want this to work as it woud be great fr my CV (Resume) - but I could not get it to save - need a fix.
V-Machine ???????????? Music2home.com ??????????: SM Pro Audio to demonstrate the V-Box, V-Rack, and.. url
Decided to day to put the job hunting on hold for a couple of hours and do website www.Dargens.com:3000 look and feel instead
Signing up for twitter.  Listening to Macbreak weekly.
Creating the next stage in human societal evolution and building a city in space.
Heading to Frogtown for the rest of the day
nokia n95 died. got an iphone to replace it. not bad... just lacking some stuff that will be coming out soon.
Reading: Timbaland: I Has a Bus url
Signed up Neo for summer swimming lessons
Posted 'An Afternoon with Jill Sobule' to blip.tv: url
Steve needs the pepper.
We couldn't get in.  No one until 11.  Not even 1-in 1-out.
Pacman wins again
For the media crew:  delta lineis long and slow moving.  Allow plenty of time.
go for meal
1 egg hunt down, 1 to go.
I'm balls to the wall working my ass off.  I have to believe it will be worth it, otherwise I'll go insane.
tibet breaking news: url
downloading the iphone sdk. heard that it's pretty amazing


